Zhu Xiao, you damn dog
Dare to insult my fiancee again
Unforgivable
Zhu Xiao
You think you can drive Jinghong Sword
Can you do whatever you want?
Soon you will all die without a burial place
When you die
I will teach you a good lesson about this so-called fiancée
The rules?
That's right.
I almost forgot about the ninth brother and the style
These girls are also good looking
After the temple of sin
I will also teach them well
I don't know how it tastes.
Dare to humiliate the temple
Damn you
Hahahaha
Die if you humiliate the temple
Zhou Xiao, Zhou Xiao
It seems
You still haven't seen what will happen to you?
Just a little longer.
The temple is about to fall
Damn you
I like that idea.
It's just a pity